Hey,
guys,
welcome backs in this video.
We're going to discuss the dot formula property for the range object.
So what the dot formula property does is that it outputs the four Mina off the range object
that you use it on.
However,
it can only work with objects having single cells.
Okay,
so with range objects on lee having single cells so you could use it with range a one,
for example.
But it cannot work with range objects that are having multiple cells.
Right?
Because you cannot.
I'll put the formula of multiple cells at the same time,
so you can't use it on range.
A 12 d five,
for example.
Okay,
so the range object that you would use it with needs to have Onley just a single self.
so to have an example here,
I've got a separate seizure that's cold range under school from another I've created and
remember,
guys,
we've got a named range called my underscore table that we have created before.
Okay,
so if I write on cell D 14 equals some my underscore table and I've actually popped the
value off done in each cell off the range called Molly underscore table.
And this range consists of 60 cells.
So summation should be 600.
Okay.
And if we go back to the visual basic environment and we would write range de $14 for media
,
okay?
And we put that inside a best itch box and we run that we will actually get a message,
boss,
containing the exact formula that we've written in cell D 14.
So if you run that you can see here we got the formula in cell D 14.
However,
if I do range d $14 value,
I would get actually the value that is in cell D 14 which is 600.
Okay,
so you're able to retrieve the formula of a cell or from a cell using the range dot form it
up property.
However,
you're also able to write the formula in a cell so you can write a certain formula in a
cell using the range taht formula property.
So let's say I'm going to write this scene formula here,
but using v b A.
So I'm gonna delete it from Cell D 14 and then I'm gonna write range d 14 dot for media
equals and then I actually need to right the exact formula,
but between double quotes,
so equals some of my underscore table between double quotes.
So if I run that this is going to write the formula and we're going to get the result,
which is 600 the same result,
you could also use the dot value property as well.
And that is going to write the formula correctly as well.
So if I delete that,
go back and use the value property this as well,
we're right deformity correctly,
and everything is just gonna be fine.
And this formula,
of course,
works.
And it updates if we just change the value of one of the cells,
you can see here that the formula updates.
I'm just gonna press control and Z here.
Okay,
so that's it,
guys for the dot formula property.
Thank you very much watching this video and I'll see on the next one